[TEACH cackles] My darkness
will swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I’ll lose to you?
I’m gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger’s treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating
the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
[LUFFY] I’m gonna be
the King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World, the Straw Hats
formed an alliance with Law.
Their current objective is to
destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Usopp freed citizens
who had been enslaved
and transformed into toys,
prompting Doflamingo
to trap the entire kingdom
inside a barrier known
as the "“Birdcage"”
and place bounties
on Luffy and his allies.
[PICA high-pitched]
Any fool who opposes our family
will be answering to me.
[PICA]
Now, step forward and fight!
[laughs] His voice is so high!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES yell]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE R]
Run for it!
[yelling]
[LAW]
Faster! We’re gonna get crushed!
[screams]
[ZORO]
Luffy!
[LUFFY yelping]
[LUFFY] "Gathering into
a Powerful Front!
Luffy and a Group
of Brutal Warriors!"
What’s goin' on now?
[whimpering]
My hand! I can’t...
I can’t hold on much longer!
[yelps]
I swear, I won’t let you fall!
[screams]
Usoland!
[USOPP screaming]
Thanks. You’re the man, Leo.
[LEO sighs]
That was a close one.
But what’s making
the ground shake?
You guys get
a lotta earthquakes?
[TOWNSMAN C]
How’s that possible?
This is scary!
He crumpled our town
as if it were paper.
Next punch, there’ll be
nothing left of Dressrosa.
Let’s leave!
Leave where, exactly?
You realize his fist can
reach us pretty much anywhere!
[ZORO] All this damage
from a single blow.
Luffy! Law! Where are you?
[LUFFY]
Hey! Zoro!
Hi! We’re up here!
Up here!
Luffy!
[LUFFY giggles]
It’s like I got hanged!
Stop joking and get us--
[LUFFY giggles]
Get your ass off me.
Yeah, yeah.
[LAW groans]
[LAW] What’s wrong with you?
Ya know I’m injured!
[LUFFY]
Huh?
[LAW]
Don’t act dumb!
[groans]
I’m starting to think
you’re trying to kill us all.
Laughing at Pica’s voice,
especially to his face,
is a death sentence.
[yelps]
[LUFFY giggles]
[LUFFY]
He really flung us, didn’t he?
Where are we now?
[ZORO]
Like I’d know!
Even further from the
palace, thanks to you.
Damn it!
That stone bastard’s
somethin' else.
Never thought we’d see
someone bigger than Oars,
but here we are.
How am I supposed to even
fight somethin' that size?
[CAVENDISH]
Straw Hat.
[LUFFY]
Cabbage!
Pirate Hunter Zoro, I presume.
And you. Trafalgar Law!
[CAVENDISH] You disgusting,
"“Worst Generation,"” scoundrel.
Why do you steal
all the glory from me?
Stop yellin’!
Got a beef with my
crew mate or something?
I’m not in your crew!
[LUFFY] Lemme guess, you still
got a grudge against us?
You’re wrong.
I shall no longer be
a threat to the Straw Hats.
[ZORO, LUFFY]
Huh?
Because your brave
crew mate, God Usopp,
selflessly saved me from
a life of doom and gloom.
Usopp did that?
That’s right! I won’t
forget his valiant deed.
He boldly risked everything
in order to spare
the lives of hundreds.
Or so it’s rumored.
[laughs] Shucks, it’s nice to
hear you compliment my crew.
[CAVENDISH]
Oh, right!
Trafalgar.
I believe this is yours?
I happened upon it
outside of the Colosseum.
I’m sure you’ve been
longing for it.
Lend me your head a second.
[LAW] Get away from me!
I don’t trust you!
[CAVENDISH] Hmph. Like I’d
waste any more time on you.
I have a schedule to maintain.
Aren’t you going to
inquire why I’m so busy?
I’m good.
Very well!
I shall indulge your inquisitive
appetite if you must know!
I have decided to repay
my debt to your crew
by seizing the
head of Doflamingo!
The hell?
Seek shelter in dirt
or whatever you do.
I shall handle these
matters as tribute.
Yeah! No thanks!
I’m gonna do it myself.
I already decided this
is how I’m gonna pay back
Rebecca for buying me lunch.
You’re going head-to-head with
a warlord over some food?
I won’t fall for it!
How dare you lie to my face!
You’re just trying
to take out Doflamingo
for the fame and
riches that follow!
That sounds like you, actually.
[CAVENDISH]
Just ponder it a moment!
He who brings down the dastardly
Doflamingo will make headlines,
ensuring the whole world
turns their head!
Imagine the crowds
clamoring to meet you!
[CAVENDISH] "“Mr. Superstar
Playboy Extraordinaire!"”
Just "“superstar"” will suffice.
No need to be formal.
What is it?
"“Excuse me, sir!
What’s your opinion regarding
piracy in recent years?"”
"Oh? Are you still there?
I’m having trouble seeing!
Lord Cavendish, sir?"”
What’s the problem?
I’m standing here
in front of you!
"You’re shining so bright,
we can’t see you!
Can you turn down your aura?"
Is it too intense for you?
I apologize, but I cannot
suppress my brilliance!
"“Wow! He really is a superstar!"
[LUFFY]
All right. Time to go.
[CAVENDISH] Please feel free
to bask in my glory.
Take it in! Take it all in.
[laughing]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
What about here?
Keep searching
for Straw Hat’s body!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
After a punch like that,
he might’ve been
crushed to smithereens.
[PICA]
Perhaps he got away.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES chuckle]
[PICA]
Where are you hiding, Straw Hat?
[LUFFY laughs]
His voice is so high!
[PICA grumbling]
Find him!
I need to know if the
little maggot’s still alive!
I’ll squash you flat
before you get to Doffy!
Luffy. Is that
squawking peacock guy
a friend of yours?
Oh, you mean Cabbage?
Cabbage, huh?
His parents really
named him that?
[LUFFY]
He’s a real weirdo, huh?
I met a whole bunch of crazy
people back at the coliseum!
[ZORO]
Huh.
There they are!
A Two-star and a Three-star!
[BOTH grunt]
Don’t let '‘em get away!
[TOWNSPEOPLE yell]
[TOWNSMAN I]
Take this!
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum Whip!
Two-Sword Style! Rhino Cycle!
All right, boys!
We got some berries to collect!
[LUFFY, ZORO]
Crap. There’s more?
Whatcha thinkin’, Luffy?
If we engage this mob,
we’ll be here all day.
Wanna split?
[LUFFY]
Yeah!
[CHIN JAO]
There you are, Straw Hat!
Get out of my way!
[BOO]
Move! Move! Move!
[CHIN JAO]
You heard me! Go!
I know that guy.
[CHIN JAO yells]
Grandson of Garp, wait for me!
We ’ve been looking
for you, rubber boy!
Stay right there!
[GROUP yelling]
Ugh! Thought so.
[CHIN JAO]
We’re coming for you!
We should go! Run!
[ZORO]
What's gotten into you?
[CHIN JAO]
But we told him to wait!
We got more company?
[SAI, BOO, CHIN JAO yelling]
Wait!
Just go away already!
Stop! Both of you! Head-Arms!
[LUFFY gasps]
[CHIN JAO] Is there something
wrong with your hearing,
Grandson of Garp?
[CHIN JAO laughs]
Just hear this old man
out for a moment.
I wanted to let you know
I’ve forgiven the grudge
I held against your family.
What? You did?
We’re here for one thing.
And that’s to eliminate
Doflamingo’s immoral business.
We don’t care about the money.
A puny bounty like that
is mere change for us.
I must thank you
and your friend.
For the brave God Usopp
rescued me in my darkest hour.
[LUFFY]
Usopp did that?
Indeed he did.
And that is why I have
decided to repay my debt
to the Straw Hats by
obliterating Doflamingo
and his wicked monarchy.
Huh? You, too?
The only guy who’s
kickin’ his ass is me!
Speak up. What did you say?
What I said was "“don’t bother"”!
I’m gonna do it!
The nerve of you!
Are you rejecting
my generous favor?
[rumbling]
Straw Hat. I was
searching for you.
[LUFFY]
Oh! The Giant guy!
I say we bury the
hatchet between us.
I swear, as a proud
warrior of Elbaf,
I’ll slay Doflamingo
for God Usopp!
Huh? Again?
Get lost! I got this!
[ELIZABELLO]
Just one moment!
[LUFFY]
Huh?
We of the Prodence
Kingdom have long owed
King Riku an enormous debt.
I’ll bring down Doflamingo
with my own two fists.
Yes! His Majesty’s right!
We don’t want the bounty!
Not this time.
Huh?!
[ABDULLAH]
Stand down!
We will be the ones
who kill that bastard!
We shall never forget
that beacon of light
who freed us from our torment!
Let us repay his valor!
Wait!
I won’t let you
do this without me!
Destruction’s my specialty!
You can leave
the execution to me.
Back off!
I’ll be the one
to take his life!
Uh...
You really attract
some oddballs, huh?
[CAVENDISH]
You’d be a fool to forget me!
[yells]
Great. "“Big Mouth"”
found us again.
[ALL growling]
[ZORO] Hey! You all
serious about helping?
[CHIN JAO]
If you were wise,
you’d leave the task of
taking down Doflamingo to us!
I must do it for my pride!
I said I owe the King!
All right, now this
is getting annoying.
Ugh. Hey, what if
we do it this way?
[COMPETITORS]
Hm?
Us two’ll handle
killing Doflamingo
while you guys watch
our backs. Sound okay?
[ALL] Absolutely not!
I’m going to kill Doflamingo!
Forget it. There are way
too many egos involved.
[LUFFY]
Come on, guys.
[sighs] All right, I’m making
the call, so listen up!
If anyone here’s
gonna kick his ass
like it needs to be kicked,
it’s gonna be me!
What’d you say?
You’re getting this favor
returned one way or another!
If you save someone’s life,
you better learn to accept their
kindness or else, ya moron!
[BOO]
That’s right!
I said leave it to me!
I’ll destroy him!
My method will be the best way!
Duty!
Attention!
My pride!
The King!
[BOTH]
Our Savior!
[COMPETITORS growling]
[yelps] A spear?
[TOWNSMAN U]
So that’s where they were!
[TOWNSMAN V] Hey, ya think
we can get in on this?
[laughs] Splitting up all those
bounties could go a long way.
[laughs]
Wait a sec.
Don’t they look kinda
familiar to you?
They were toys at
the dock, just like us!
That they were. As you say.
Those shameless cowards!
How dare they!
Let’s get that bounty!
[TOWNSPEOPLE yell]
You ungrateful swine!
I’ll see you in hell!
Let’s go.
[LUFFY]
Yeah.
[gasps] It’s Moocy!
A cow?
Got an idea.
[yelps] There’s someone
approaching from the smoke!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE D]
It can’t be. A bull?
[bellows]
Go, go!
[yelps] I have located
the Straw Hats!
Look, Master Pica!
They came right to us!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE E]
Don’t let them get away!
They’re riding a bull!
I got eyes on three--
Wait, I mean... four,
five... six? Seven?
[CHIN JAO]
Wait, Straw Hat!
[LUFFY]
Huh? I said get lost!
He brought an army?
Where did they come from?
I said I’ve got this!
You all can stand down!
That’s enough!
I won’t hesitate to slice
you all into pieces
if you get in my way!
Oh, don’t be so
full of yourself.
We’ll be the ones
to take his head!
[ORLUMBUS]
Wrong! That’ll be my privilege!
[IDEO]
No, mine!
Luffy! What should we do
about all this dead weight?
It was my idea first!
Stop following us;
we don’t need you all!
[COMPETITORS chattering]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE H]
How’d they get so many allies
on such short notice?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE I]
How should I know?
Aren’t those some of the
competitors from the coliseum?
[rumbling]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE K]
M-Master Pica?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasping]
That can’t be good.
He’s making a move!
Looks like he’s winding up!
I’m gonna knock him out!
Not if I get there first!
Back off already!
That’s absurd!
Leave this to my family.
[COMPETITORS chattering]
[PICA] You boneheads!
Stop talking trash!
[ALL laugh]
[COMPETITORS]
Why is he so squeaky?
[ALL laughing]
[SAI]
That can’t be real!
[laughing]
I’ll crush as many of you
as it takes! Now, die!
Here we go!
That fool’s no match for me!
Hope it was worth it!
You’ll be laughing
in your graves!
I’m ready!
[CHIN JAO]
Hasshoken Secret Technique!
Drill Dragon!
Although I’m not
fully charged up yet,
I got a lite one for you!
King!
Punch!
[CHIN JAO]
Nail! Here I go!
[PICA]
Damn you!
[CHIN JAO growling]
[yells]
[CHIN JAO yells]
[PICA screams]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE L]
They shattered his arm!
[COMPETITORS cheering]
[DAGAMA]
My king can throw a punch!
We can consider this
our practice round
for when we finally
get to Doflamingo!
Right? Huh?
Buzz off! I said I got it!
[COMPETITORS] Huh? Shut up,
you ungrateful savior!
[LUFFY]
I don’t need your help!
[NARRATOR]
Luffy heads to the Royal Palace
with a group of prideful
ruffians in tow.
However, Pica easily blocks
all attempts to break through
and get back on course.
As things start to look dire,
after another of Pica’s
devastating blows,
Luffy stands up to him,
revealing his stunning
ultimate technique!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Steady Progress!
Luffy’s Army vs. Pica!"
I’m gonna be
King of the Pirates!